Fix Inscopix Segmentation Extractor (#435)
catalystneuro/roiextractors: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

### Fixes

> * Fixed ROI ID management to allow both integer and original string IDs ('C0','C1',...) throughout the API, ensuring NWB compatibility and consistent behavior with other extractors. [#407](https://github.com/catalystneuro/roiextractors/pull/407)

Reviewer: The PR link seems wrong. 
```suggestion
* Fixed ROI ID management to allow both integer and original string IDs ('C0','C1',...) throughout the API, ensuring NWB compatibility and consistent behavior with other extractors. [PR #435](https://github.com/catalystneuro/roiextractors/pull/435)
```

* Added `get_original_frame_indices()` method to `ScanImageImagingExtractor` for mapping extractor samples back to original frame indices in raw microscopy data. This method can be used to synchronize with other data sources or for advanced analysis that requires knowledge of the original frame indices. [PR #445](https://github.com/catalystneuro/roiextractors/pull/445)

### Fixes

> * Fixed ROI ID management to allow both integer and original string IDs ('C0','C1',...) throughout the API, ensuring NWB compatibility and consistent behavior with other extractors. [PR #435](https://github.com/catalystneuro/roiextractors/pull/435)

Reviewer: Is this still an accurate description of this PR? If not, could you update it.
